c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.exe.config
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.exe
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.pdb
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.Cervejeiro.resources
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.exe
c:\users\christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.pdb
C:\Users\Christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Lupulo.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Matrix.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Malte.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Levedura.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Receita.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Adjunto.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Equipamento.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Estilo.resources
C:\Users\christopher\Desktop\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.exe.config
C:\Users\christopher\Desktop\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.exe
C:\Users\christopher\Desktop\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.pdb
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.exe.config
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.exe
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.pdb
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Adjunto.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.Cervejeiro.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Equipamento.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Estilo.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Levedura.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Lupulo.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Malte.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Matrix.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Receita.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.exe
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\CNM\Brew\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.pdb
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.exe.config
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.exe
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\Brew.pdb
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Adjunto.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.Cervejeiro.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Conexao.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Equipamento.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Estilo.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Levedura.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Lupulo.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Malte.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Matrix.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.PainelOperacoes.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.Receita.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.exe
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.pdb
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.ConexaoHardware.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\Gauge.CSharp.Lib.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\AGauge.pdb
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.Mensagens.MensagemForm.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.View.PerfilAgua.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\obj\Debug\Brew.Funcoes.ExemploComponente.resources
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\Christopher\Desktop\DevBrew\ProjetoGit\Brew\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
